# Meta Mesh Help Desk
## Overview
This project's goal is to successfully deliver a virtual help desk for [Meta Mesh](https://www.metamesh.org/). This is a front-facing website that end-users can use to ask questions about issues that they may be facing; the search engine will then dynamically return the best result based on resources that Meta Mesh staff have added to the database. Meta Mesh staff can access the search engine's admin panel, a web application, to manage resources used for search engine results as well as monitor statistics on successful or unsuccessful queries or keywords.

## Process Information
Our team is utilizing Github both as our version control and for project management. At this time, we have broken up our deliverables into 5 key [milestones](https://github.com/teddyliang/Meta-Mesh-Help-Desk/milestones). Each milestone has a comprehensive description that summarizes the work to be done and the use cases that are being covered.

### Guidelines
- All commits or pull requests should follow the title convention of `[M#] X`, where `#` is the corresponding milestone number and `X` is a brief summary.
- All commits should be tied to a milestone using Github's tagging system.
- All commits should also be tied to an issue that describes the work that is being accomplished.
- Pull requests should be reviewed by at least 2 team members before being merged. Reviewers should leave comments looking out for best coding practices.
- Committed code should be devoid of dead-code, autogenerated files, print statements, etc.
- Committed code should have corresponding tests as much as possible.

## Installation Information
Prerequisites:
- Python3 should be installed. All other dependencies for running the web application are automatically installed in `requirements.txt`.

Instructions to install:
- `$ git clone {ssh key}`
- `cd` into the cloned folder
- `$ pip install pipenv` (if not already installed)
- `$ pipenv install`
- `$ pipenv shell`
- `$ python3 manage.py makemigrations`
- `$ python3 manage.py migrate`
- `$ python3 manage.py runserver`
- View the running application at http://127.0.0.1:8000/
